Build our own mongodb image (#2366)
scality/Zenko: solution-base/mongodb/how_to_upgrade.md

Reviewer: folder `solution-base/images/mongodb-sharded` seems useless?
it already contains folder for each image...

```suggestion
solution-base/
    images/
        mongodb-exporter/
        mongodb-sharded/
        os-shell/
        README.md
        Makefile
```

Author: Addressed. I flattened the layout under images and now keep one folder per image (mongodb-sharded/, mongodb-exporter/, os-shell/) plus README.md and Makefile.

upgrade (note that all along we will be taking as an example the upgrade from
MongoDB 8.0.10 to 9.3.6):

> ## Image Build (Stop-Gap)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Image Build
```

Zenko now builds its own MongoDB Sharded images from vendored Bitnami scripts.
Image sources live under `solution-base/images/`.

### Bumping the MongoDB version in the image

See `solution-base/images/README.md` for the authoritative
MongoDB image bump and vendoring procedure.

> 

Reviewer: That is a bit harsh, when reading this we don't even know why we should read it.

```suggestion
- Upstream images are vendored, so the code mus be synced with upstream changes.
- If a new MongoDB baseline (8.2, 9.0...) is available upstream, must switch to that baseline.
- Base images are pinned to specific image hash, and must be updated.

See `solution-base/images/README.md` for details.
```

### Re-vendoring upstream Bitnami scripts

When upstream Bitnami script changes need to be pulled in,

> compare `bitnami/containers` and copy the updated `prebuildfs/` / `rootfs/` directories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compare `bitnami/containers` and merge upstream changes to `prebuildfs/` / `rootfs/` directories
```

into the corresponding image directories. See
`solution-base/images/mongodb-sharded/README.md` for the detailed steps.

> 

Reviewer: See
`solution-base/images/mongodb-sharded/README.md` for the detailed steps to upgrade the images.

upgrade (note that all along we will be taking as an example the upgrade from
MongoDB 8.0.10 to 9.3.6):

## Image Build (Stop-Gap)

Zenko now builds its own MongoDB Sharded images from vendored Bitnami scripts.
Image sources live under `solution-base/images/mongodb-sharded/`.

### Bumping the MongoDB version in the image

> 1. Edit the Dockerfile for the target major line

Reviewer: redundant with the doc in images/mongodb-shared/README.md
either keep both here, or just use a "pointer" to the other file here

(and you see the cost of redundancy: you forgot to update this one to match your latest changes)

Author: I removed redundant step-by-step image bump content and left a pointer to the canonical mongo image readme to avoid drift.
